---
title: "Race Condition"
date: 2026-03-10T23:07:07+05:30
draft: false
---

So hi there, no updates for a long time. I don't think that anyone has been waiting on another post on this anyways. Maybe if i were a little more regular and had a cool hostname I would get visits but at this point I don't really care. Also the website style is looking kinda old, maybe only to me or to few but to state the truth, the website is heavy as hell and few sections are already starting to break. So I figured I would probably change it at some point at the future, and by future I mean by requirement. I reckon I would first get them feets dirty in javascript and other system design patterns to put up a cool manual pipeline or whatever, or maybe not. But I'm pretty sure I would try to incorporate a more modern style then, it's mostly because I feel like there is not much you can do to a 2010s design after multiple additions. Yeah and I promise it won't be a minimalist approach.
Also to talk about computers. What followed since the last semester was a rampage down on some low level topics I pretended to know about. I dabbled my feets on x86-64 bit intel assembly, Binary Exploitation (tho i didn't really get really deep, i paused my journey at return oriented programming with the promise to get back), SIMD techniques. I fiddled with the codebase of nyxelf and managed to make it pretty usable with a pretty enough GUI, got rid of `strace` and integrated `BPF` and added `g4f` to explain the logs. And finally ate some basic OsDev theory, all in a span of five months. Only if I managed to push on through the OsDev journey I would have been a little satisfied, but fucking around with the two stage bootloader has destroyed my ability to think straight. I would be very delighted if I managed to directly use C but the supernatural elements won't let me. So here I am, mentally drained. But I think I am gonna work around that setback and use a different method. Let's see. Or i am gonna come back later when I'm pretty proficient and use limine or other bootloader to atleast get to work with a OS. Honestly that's gonna be the last decision I take cuz I would really like to make this work. Well and as an end note, I'm nearing the end of my fourth semester. This might mean I may _HAVE_ to do an electronics project with PCBs and shit, and also grind some leetcode. Not that i have any grudge against this topics, but well ehh. For now im gonna mess around with ret2wins and learn some Heap Exploitation.
